[Python] Improve Python stubs generation (#2606)
awslabs/smithy-rs: examples/python/README.md

Ensure these dependencies are installed.

```bash
pip install maturin uvloop aiohttp mypy
```

The server can depend on [uvloop](https://pypi.org/project/uvloop/) for a faster

> event loop implementationand it will be automatically used instead of the standard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
event loop implementation and it will be automatically used instead of the standard
```
